client/apps/game-docs/docs/pages/blitz/realms/realm.mdx, before:

import { StartingMilitary } from "@/components/StartingMilitary";
import { BlitzRealmDefenseSlotsTable } from "@/components/DefendingArmies";
import { BuildableHexes } from "@/components/BuildableHexes";
import { RealmLeveling } from "@/components/RealmLeveling";
import ResourceIcon from "@/components/ResourceIcon";
import { importantNote, table, formatAmount, section } from "@/components/styles";
import { BlitzRealmLeveling } from "@/components/BlitzRealmLeveling";

# 🏰 Realms

In Blitz, each Lord starts the game commanding three Realms, evenly spaced in a triangular formation. These Realms are
functionally identical and are not related to the 8,000 Realm NFTs that are the basis of Eternum. They can produce any
of the nine resources available in Blitz and are equally capable in all aspects of the game, limited only by the skill
and strategy of their Lord.

<img
  src="/images/buildings/construction/castleOne.png"
  width="800"
  style={{ margin: "0 auto", transform: "scale(1.2)" }}
/>

## Settling

Realms are settled during the 30-minute 'Settling Phase' prior to the start of the game. Lords who are registered to
play are drawn at random from the pool and assigned spawn positions sequentially according to the settling algorithm.
Once assigned a map position, Lords are required to confirm their participation in the session by initiating a 'Settle'
transaction, which will place their three Realms in their drawn position. This must be done in the 30-minute Settling
Phase to ensure presence and readiness to play the game. Lords who fail to confirm settling during this phase will not
have their Realms placed and will forfeit participation in the session. Their allocated spawn position will remain empty
throughout the game.

### Settling Algorithm

The number of registered Lords for a session determines the size of the map and the number of Hyperstructures available
for Lords to compete over. A single Hyperstructure marks the center of the map, around which other concentric
Hyperstructure 'rings' are spawned every 18 hexes until all players are accommodated. The details of Hyperstructure
spawns are explained in greater detail in the [World Map](/blitz/worldmap-movement/worldmap) section.

Once the size of the map and the number of Hyperstructures are determined, player positions are determined within the
bounds of the Hyperstructure rings. While the order in which players are placed is randomised, the positioning is
sequential and follows a rotational pattern to distribute Lords as evenly as possible and attempt to ensure equal
opportunity in accessing the Hyperstructure objectives. The map structure and placement sequence for an example of 24
players is visualized below:

<img
  src="/images/gifs/blitz-map-build.gif"
  alt="Blitz map building sequence showing hyperstructure placement and player realm spawns"
  className="w-full rounded-lg my-6"
/>

<div style={importantNote.container}>
  <h3 style={importantNote.title}>⚠️ IMPORTANT NOTE</h3>
  <p style={importantNote.content}>
    There is no immunity period in Blitz. All Realms are able to be attacked and claimed from the moment the game
    begins.
  </p>
</div>

## Realm Details

### Starting Resources

<div style={table.container}>
  <div style={table.wrapper}>
    <table style={table.table}>
      <thead style={table.tableHead}>
        <tr>
          <th style={table.headerCell}>Starting Resources per Realm</th>
          <th style={table.headerCell}>Quantity</th>
        </tr>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
        <tr style={table.tableRow}>
          <td style={table.cell}>
            <div style={{ display: "flex", alignItems: "center", gap: "0.5rem" }}>
              <ResourceIcon id={23} name="Labor" size="md" />
              Labor
            </div>
          </td>
          <td style={table.cell}>5,000</td>
        </tr>
        <tr style={table.tableRow}>
          <td style={table.cell}>
            <div style={{ display: "flex", alignItems: "center", gap: "0.5rem" }}>
              <ResourceIcon id={25} name="Donkey" size="md" />
              Donkeys
            </div>
          </td>
          <td style={table.cell}>200</td>
        </tr>
        <tr style={table.tableRow}>
          <td style={table.cell}>
            <div style={{ display: "flex", alignItems: "center", gap: "0.5rem" }}>
              <ResourceIcon id={26} name="Knight" size="md" />
              T1 Troops
            </div>
          </td>
          <td style={table.cell}>3,000</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </div>
</div>

_Note: The type of T1 troop depends on the biome that the realm is spawned on. Starting troops will always have a combat
advantage when defending their home._

### Realm Progression

Realms can grow from a Settlement into a City, then to a Kingdom, and finally an Empire. Each upgrade level unlocks
additional buildable hexes and defensive army slots, allowing for the expansion of your economy and strengthening of
your defenses. Each progression requires specific materials, outlined in the table below:

<BlitzRealmLeveling />

<BuildableHexes />
<BlitzRealmDefenseSlotsTable />

Commit message:

Doc Review for Initial Release (#3486)
* Documentation Review

- Removed outdated links and improved navigation in vocs.config.ts.
- Revised key concepts in various documentation pages, including troop production, military mechanics, and resource management.
- Enhanced descriptions for bridging and scoring systems, ensuring consistent terminology.
- Updated sections on realms and world map mechanics to clarify player registration and positioning.
- Fixed formatting issues and ensured all references are accurate and up-to-date.

* Expand on Victory documentation

- Updated the scoring system to clarify how Victory Points (VP) are awarded for various actions, including exploring tiles and claiming structures.
- Introduced a detailed table outlining VP awarded for specific actions to improve clarity and user understanding.

* prettier format

---------

Co-authored-by: aymericdelab <aymericdelabrousse@gmail.com>

client/apps/game-docs/docs/pages/blitz/realms/realm.mdx, after:

import { StartingMilitary } from "@/components/StartingMilitary";
import { BlitzRealmDefenseSlotsTable } from "@/components/DefendingArmies";
import { BuildableHexes } from "@/components/BuildableHexes";
import { RealmLeveling } from "@/components/RealmLeveling";
import ResourceIcon from "@/components/ResourceIcon";
import { importantNote, table, formatAmount, section } from "@/components/styles";
import { BlitzRealmLeveling } from "@/components/BlitzRealmLeveling";

# 🏰 Realms

In Blitz, each Lord starts the game commanding three Realms, evenly spaced in a triangular formation. These Realms are
functionally identical and are not related to the 8,000 Realm NFTs that are the basis of Eternum. They can produce any
of the nine resources available in Blitz and are equally capable in all aspects of the game, limited only by the skill
and strategy of their Lord.

<img
  src="/images/buildings/construction/castleOne.png"
  width="800"
  style={{ margin: "0 auto", transform: "scale(1.2)" }}
/>

## Registration

All Lords willing to participate in a Blitz game are required to register prior to the start of the Settling Phase. The
'Registration Phase' is different for each bracket, but in all cases it is used to predetermine the number of players
and establish the size of the game world. Each wallet address can only be registered once per Blitz game. More
information on Blitz registration requirements will be made available prior to launch.

## Settling

Realms are settled during the 30-minute 'Settling Phase' prior to the start of the game. During this phase, registered
Lords must confirm their participation in the game, after which their three Realms will be placed in a randomly assigned
position. Lords who do not confirm participation within this timeframe will forfeit their entry into the session,
leaving a potential spawn position empty throughout the game.

### Settling Algorithm

The number of registered Lords for a session determines the size of the map and the number of Hyperstructures available
for Lords to compete over. A single Hyperstructure marks the center of the map, around which other concentric
Hyperstructure 'rings' are spawned every 18 hexes until all players are accommodated. The details of Hyperstructure
spawns are explained in greater detail in the [World Map](/blitz/worldmap-movement/worldmap) section.

Once the size of the map and the number of Hyperstructures are determined, player positions are determined within the
bounds of the Hyperstructure rings. While the order in which players are placed is randomised, the positioning is
sequential and follows a rotational pattern to distribute Lords as evenly as possible and attempt to ensure equal
opportunity in accessing the Hyperstructure objectives. The map structure and placement sequence for an example of 24
players is visualized below:

<img
  src="/images/gifs/blitz-map-build.gif"
  alt="Blitz map building sequence showing hyperstructure placement and player realm spawns"
  className="w-full rounded-lg my-6"
/>

<div style={importantNote.container}>
  <h3 style={importantNote.title}>⚠️ IMPORTANT NOTE</h3>
  <p style={importantNote.content}>
    There is no immunity period in Blitz. All Realms are able to be attacked and claimed from the moment the game
    begins.
  </p>
</div>

## Realm Details

### Starting Resources

<div style={table.container}>
  <div style={table.wrapper}>
    <table style={table.table}>
      <thead style={table.tableHead}>
        <tr>
          <th style={table.headerCell}>Starting Resources per Realm</th>
          <th style={table.headerCell}>Quantity</th>
        </tr>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
        <tr style={table.tableRow}>
          <td style={table.cell}>
            <div style={{ display: "flex", alignItems: "center", gap: "0.5rem" }}>
              <ResourceIcon id={23} name="Labor" size="md" />
              Labor
            </div>
          </td>
          <td style={table.cell}>5,000</td>
        </tr>
        <tr style={table.tableRow}>
          <td style={table.cell}>
            <div style={{ display: "flex", alignItems: "center", gap: "0.5rem" }}>
              <ResourceIcon id={25} name="Donkey" size="md" />
              Donkeys
            </div>
          </td>
          <td style={table.cell}>200</td>
        </tr>
        <tr style={table.tableRow}>
          <td style={table.cell}>
            <div style={{ display: "flex", alignItems: "center", gap: "0.5rem" }}>
              <ResourceIcon id={26} name="Knight" size="md" />
              T1 Troops
            </div>
          </td>
          <td style={table.cell}>3,000</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </div>
</div>

_Note: The type of T1 troop depends on the biome that the realm is spawned on. Starting troops will always have a combat
advantage when defending their home._

### Realm Progression

Realms can grow from a Settlement into a City, then to a Kingdom, and finally an Empire. Each upgrade level unlocks
additional buildable hexes and defensive army slots, allowing for the expansion of your economy and strengthening of
your defenses. Each progression requires specific materials, outlined in the table below:

<BlitzRealmLeveling />

<BuildableHexes />
<BlitzRealmDefenseSlotsTable />
