import {
  StandardTroopProduction,
  SimpleTroopProduction,
  SimpleResourceProduction,
  StandardResourceProduction,
  LaborProduction,
  DonkeyProduction,
} from "@/components/ResourceProduction";

# ⚒️ Production

## Standard vs. Simple

As is the case for building construction, Lords can choose between standard and simple production systems when deciding
how they wish to produce their materials. This can be done by selecting the appropriate panel when making an order in
the production screen.

![Simple Mode Production](/gifs/labor-production.gif)

_Note: Production works a little differently in Season 1 compared to Season 0. Instead of streaming resources unit by
unit and producing an output for as long as you have the requisite inputs, Lords must now commit the full material
requirements to the production order upfront. The output is then produced at a given rate per second._

### Standard Mode

The classic Eternum system—every resource and troop production order requires food and a combination of other resources
as inputs. As with buildings, standard mode is the more complex but efficient way to produce materials.

### Simple Mode

Simple mode reduces the requirements for a production order to food and labor. This is, once again, less efficient in
both time and resources—but it allows Lords to produce resources on their Realm or Village even if they don't have
access to the input resources required in standard mode.

## Materials Production

### Food

The rich and fertile lands of Eternum produce two staple food sources, Wheat and Fish. These are the only materials that
can be produced without inputs, so once a Farm or Fishing Village has been constructed, they can produce food
indefinitely.

### Resources

The 22 resources found in Eternum are the backbone of the world economy. Producing one resource requires the input of
two other resources (standard mode), or labor (simple mode). Resources are also the main components in building
construction, troop production and Hyperstructure contributions - so mastery of these assets is key to success and
security.

<SimpleResourceProduction />

<StandardResourceProduction />

### Labor

Labor is a new mechanic in Season 1 that has been introduced to simplify and supplement gameplay. It is the primary
input for buildings and production in simple mode, but is also required in standard mode for building construction,
Realm upgrades and Hyperstructure contribution.

Labor is produced by permanently burning resources in the central structure of a Realm or Village. This creates a steady
stream of Labor at a fixed rate. Each of the 22 resources can be burned to produce Labor at varying efficiency,
dependent on rarity. The amount of resources burned per second to produce Labor at the fixed rate is as follows:

<LaborProduction />

### Troops

Troops are essential for exploration, defending your lands and conquering your enemies. Every Lord will be required to
procure troops, either through production or purchase, to ensure they remain a relevant force throughout the game. In
Season 1, two new troop tiers have been introduced, each requiring a combination of food, rare resources, and troops of
the previous tier as input for production.

Note: Only T1 troops can be produced in both standard and simple mode. T2 and T3 troops can only be produced in standard
mode.

<SimpleTroopProduction />
<StandardTroopProduction />

### Donkeys

The humble steeds that move all materials around Eternum must themselves be produced in a market building. Donkeys are
one-time-use and consumed after a single journey, so Lords will need to procure a steady supply of donkeys, either
through production or purchase, to ensure that they can sustain their supply chains, trade with other players, and buy
and sell from the Banks. Since donkeys are the 'gas' of this onchain world, they consume $LORDS - the native token of
the ecosystem - during production.

<DonkeyProduction />
