client/apps/game-docs/docs/pages/blitz/worldmap-movement/movement.mdx, before:

import TroopMovementTable from "@/components/TroopMovementTable";
import { BiomeStamina } from "@/components/BiomeStamina";

# 🧭 Movement & Exploration

<img src="/images/covers/04.png" alt="Troops Moving Across Eternum" className="w-full rounded-lg my-6" />

## Stamina

Stamina is expended whenever an army moves between hexes, explores previously unrevealed areas, or launches an attack
against enemy forces. Each of these actions has a specific stamina cost, making strategic planning essential to
maximizing an army's effectiveness. Armies regenerate stamina at a consistent rate of +60 stamina per Eternum Day. Each
troop type possesses different maximum stamina capacities, outlined in the table below:

<TroopMovementTable />

Lords should remain cautious about fully depleting the stamina of their armies, as forces with low stamina may find
themselves severely disadvantaged if attacked by enemy forces.

## Movement

<div style={{ display: "flex", flexDirection: "column", alignItems: "center" }}>
  <img src="/gifs/moving-army.gif" alt="Moving Army" />
  <em>Moving armies in the client</em>
</div>

Armies in Eternum can move freely into any adjacent, unoccupied hex. A hex is considered occupied if it contains a
Realm, another army, or a world structure such as a Hyperstructure, Camp, or essence Rift. Armies may also move to more
distant hexes, provided there is a continuous path of adjacent, unoccupied hexes leading to the destination, and the
army has sufficient stamina available for the entire journey.

The amount of stamina consumed when moving into a hex depends on both the biome of that hex and the type of troops
within the army. The table below details biome-specific stamina costs for each troop type:

<BiomeStamina />

## Exploring

Exploring your surroundings is a necessary part of Blitz as it allows Lords to reveal paths to objectives, find valuable
essence or other bonuses, and uncover beneficial world structures.

When an army is positioned adjacent to an unexplored hex, Lords may choose to send that army forth to uncover what lies
hidden. Exploring an unknown hex always costs 30 stamina and will reveal that hex to all Lords. If the newly explored
hex contains a world structure, the exploring army will automatically be pushed back to the hex from which they started
without any additional stamina penalty.

During exploration, armies gather any valuables they encounter, receiving the goods directly into their inventory. The
reward chances for any explored hex are as follows:

<span style={{ color: "red" }}>DRAFTING NOTE: Require table of materials that can be found and their stack size.</span>

If an army becomes overencumbered, they will not be able to collect any materials found when exploring. Instead, the
materials will remain on that tile and will be able to be collected by another army with enough capacity. Armies can
return to a structure to offload the materials, or drop them to free up space. Note that any materials discarded in the
field will be permanently lost (burned).

<div style={{ display: "flex", flexDirection: "column", alignItems: "center" }}>
  <img src="/gifs/explore.gif" alt="Explore" />
  <em>Explore in the client</em>
</div>

## Troop Transfers

Lords may transfer troops from one army to another, provided that they are on adjacent hexes, the same troop type, and
the same tier. To transfer troops from one army to another, or to a structure, the player first needs to select its army
on the worldmap using left-click, then right-click on the target and select the Transfer -> Transfer Troops tab.
Transferring troops from one army to another with lower stamina makes no change to the stamina of either army.
Transferring from an army with lower stamina to an army with higher stamina will reduce the higher-stamina army to equal
that of the lower stamina army.

<div style={{ display: "flex", flexDirection: "column", alignItems: "center" }}>
  <img src="/gifs/transfer-troops.gif" alt="Transfer Troops" />
  <em>Transfer troops in the client</em>
</div>

Commit message:

docs content update (#3482)
* New attempt from recent branch. Remove outdated documentation and components; update game references and improve clarity

- Updated vocs.config.ts to reflect new documentation structure and added outDir for build output.
- Revised various documentation pages to enhance clarity, including updates to game mechanics, materials, and military systems.
- Marked sections as WIP for further review.
- Fixed formatting issues and ensured consistent terminology across the documentation.

This commit streamlines the documentation for Eternum and Blitz, ensuring accuracy and clarity for users.

* Readdition of README.md

* Fix dead links

Corrected links from /mechanics/ to /eternum/ in multiple documentation files for consistency.

* Blitz Revision incl. Art & Tables

- Introduced new components for Blitz mode, hardcoded tables to convey information while waiting on config.
- Updated existing documentation to reflect the new Blitz mode features, including adjustments to resource production, troop movement, and military mechanics.
- Marked sections as work in progress (WIP) for further review and refinement.
- Enhanced clarity and consistency across various documentation pages related to Blitz mode, ensuring accurate representation of game mechanics and resources.

* Fixed inline export issues

* fix build issues

* fix build

* prettier

* fix table issues and add essence icon

* prettier

* fix build, remove comments

---------

Co-authored-by: aymericdelab <aymericdelabrousse@gmail.com>

client/apps/game-docs/docs/pages/blitz/worldmap-movement/movement.mdx, after:

import { BlitzTroopMovementTable } from "@/components/TroopMovementTable";
import { BiomeStamina } from "@/components/BiomeStamina";

# 🧭 Movement & Exploration

<img src="/images/covers/04.png" alt="Troops Moving Across the World" className="w-full rounded-lg my-6" />

## Stamina

Stamina is expended whenever an army moves between hexes, explores previously unrevealed areas, or launches an attack
against enemy forces. Each of these actions has a specific stamina cost, making strategic planning essential to
maximizing an army's effectiveness. Armies regenerate stamina at a consistent rate of +60 stamina per Eternum Day. Each
troop type possesses different maximum stamina capacities, outlined in the table below:

<span style={{ color: "red" }}>DRAFTING NOTE: Table requires update from config.</span>

<BlitzTroopMovementTable />

Lords should remain cautious about fully depleting the stamina of their armies, as forces with low stamina may find
themselves severely disadvantaged if attacked by enemy forces.

## Movement

<div style={{ display: "flex", flexDirection: "column", alignItems: "center" }}>
  <img src="/gifs/moving-army.gif" alt="Moving Army" />
  <em>Moving armies in the client</em>
</div>

Armies can move freely into any adjacent, unoccupied hex. A hex is considered occupied if it contains a Realm, another
army, or a world structure such as a Hyperstructure. Armies may also move to more distant hexes, provided there is a
continuous path of adjacent, unoccupied hexes leading to the destination, and the army has sufficient stamina available
for the entire journey.

The amount of stamina consumed when moving into a hex depends on both the biome of that hex and the type of troops
within the army. The table below details biome-specific stamina costs for each troop type:

<BiomeStamina />

## Exploring

Exploring your surroundings is a necessary part of Blitz as it allows Lords to reveal paths to objectives, find valuable
Essence or other bonuses, and uncover beneficial world structures.

When an army is positioned adjacent to an unexplored hex, Lords may choose to send that army forth to uncover what lies
hidden. Exploring an unknown hex always costs 30 stamina and will reveal that hex to all Lords, permanently expanding
the known boundaries of the world. If the newly explored hex contains a world structure or an agent army, the exploring
army will automatically be pushed back to the hex from which they started without any additional stamina penalty.

During exploration, armies gather any valuables they encounter, receiving the goods directly into their inventory. The
reward chances for any explored hex are a _work in progress_.

If an army becomes overencumbered, they will not be able to collect any materials found when exploring. Instead, the
materials will remain on that tile and will be able to be collected by another army with enough capacity. Armies can
return to a structure to offload the materials, or drop them to free up space. Note that any materials discarded in the
field will be permanently lost (burned).

<div style={{ display: "flex", flexDirection: "column", alignItems: "center" }}>
  <img src="/gifs/explore.gif" alt="Explore" />
  <em>Explore in the client</em>
</div>

## Troop Transfers

Lords may transfer troops from one army to another, provided that they are on adjacent hexes, the same troop type, and
the same tier. To transfer troops from one army to another, or to a structure, the player first needs to select its army
on the worldmap using left-click, then right-click on the target and select the Transfer -> Transfer Troops tab.
Transferring troops from one army to another with lower stamina makes no change to the stamina of either army.
Transferring from an army with lower stamina to an army with higher stamina will reduce the higher-stamina army to equal
that of the lower stamina army.

<div style={{ display: "flex", flexDirection: "column", alignItems: "center" }}>
  <img src="/gifs/transfer-troops.gif" alt="Transfer Troops" />
  <em>Transfer troops in the client</em>
</div>
