client/apps/game-docs/docs/pages/blitz/worldmap-movement/worldmap.mdx, before:

import { HyperstructureRings } from "@/components/HyperstructureRings";
import { importantNote } from "@/components/styles";

# 🗺️ The World Map

<img src="/images/covers/blitz-march.png" alt="Troops Moving to a Hyperstructure" className="w-full rounded-lg my-6" />

## An Unexplored World

At the beginning of each Blitz game, the world lies largely unexplored. The only exceptions are the settled Realms and
the array of Hyperstructures which can be seen in the World view, arranged in expanding rings around the center of the
map. The six hexes adjacent to these structures are also revealed, but beyond these instances, the world remains cloaked
by the mist, waiting for ambitious Lords to send forth their armies to explore. Once a hex is explored, the state of the
hex (i.e. the biome and whether it contains a world structure) is permanently revealed to all Lords.

## Map Layout

### Hyperstructure Positioning

The number of registered Lords for a game of Blitz determines the size of the map and the number of Hyperstructures
available for Lords to compete over. A single Hyperstructure marks the center of the map, around which other concentric
Hyperstructure 'rings' are spawned every 15 hexes until all players are accommodated.

<HyperstructureRings />

### Realm Positioning

Once the size of the map and the number of Hyperstructures are determined, player positions are determined within the
bounds of the Hyperstructure rings. While the order in which players are placed is randomised, the positioning is
sequential and follows a rotational pattern to distribute Lords as evenly as possible and attempt to ensure equal
opportunity in accessing the Hyperstructure objectives.

The Realms of each participating Lord are positioned three hexes apart in a triangle formation. Each Realm is also
located within eight hexes of a Hyperstructure and eight hexes from the nearest Realm belonging to another Lord
(assuming all available player positions are filled). More details of the positioning system are available in the
[Realms](/blitz/realms/realm) section.

<div style={importantNote.container}>
  <h3 style={importantNote.title}>⚠️ IMPORTANT NOTE</h3>
  <p style={importantNote.content}>
    There is no immunity period in Blitz. All Realms are able to be attacked and claimed from the moment the game
    begins.
  </p>
</div>

## Relic Crates

An unknown force occasionally reveals treasures from the past in random locations on the world map. As players explore
hexes, there is a chance that a Relic Crate will be revealed on a different nearby tile, visible to all players. These
crates can contain powerful boosts that can accelerate the production of your Realms, improve the stamina regeneration
of your armies, or even give them combat damage boosts to give you an edge over your foes. The first army to reach and
activate the crate will receive **three** Relics directly into their inventory, so be sure to secure them before your
enemies do!

<img src="/images/covers/blitz-relic-crate.png" alt="Relic Crate" className="w-full rounded-lg my-6" />

Commit message:

update main (#3828)
* Update game documentation (#3787)

* Update game documentation: update resource and labor building/production modes, adjust building costs and exploration mechanics. Remove outdated entries and improve clarity in various sections, including achievements, materials, and victory points. Update links and descriptions for better user experience.

* format and build issues fix

* format

---------

Co-authored-by: aymericdelab <aymericdelabrousse@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: raschel <38816784+aymericdelab@users.noreply.github.com>

* ci: add 8pm EST blitz deploy time

* ci: add 8:30pm EST blitz deploy time

* Minor fixes to most recent docs update (#3790)

* Minor fixes to most recent docs update.

* Minor fix

* format and build issue fix

---------

Co-authored-by: aymericdelab <aymericdelabrousse@gmail.com>

* ci: script for blitz torii  deployment

* ci: script for blitz torii  deployment

* ci: script for blitz torii  deployment

* ci: script for blitz torii  deployment

* ci: script for blitz torii  deployment

* ci: script for blitz torii  deployment

* ci: script for blitz torii  deployment

* ci: add factory scripts

* ci: add factory scripts

* ci: add factory scripts

* ci: add factory scripts

* ci: add factory scripts

* ci: add factory scripts

* ci: add factory scripts

* add slot auth to factory cleanup

* updatefactory cleanup

* ci: update factory ref branch

* ci: deploy old game deploy script

* Docs update 7 November 2025 (#3824)

* update changelog date, adjust resource costs for buildings and Realm upgrades in Blitz

* docs format

---------

Co-authored-by: aymericdelab <aymericdelabrousse@gmail.com>

---------

Co-authored-by: KrumpyLumpkins <vengeful_gnome@hotmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Credence <hello@zerocredence.com>
Co-authored-by: Credence <lojetokun@gmail.com>

client/apps/game-docs/docs/pages/blitz/worldmap-movement/worldmap.mdx, after:

import { HyperstructureRings } from "@/components/HyperstructureRings";
import { importantNote } from "@/components/styles";

# 🗺️ The World Map

<img src="/images/covers/blitz-march.png" alt="Troops Moving to a Hyperstructure" className="w-full rounded-lg my-6" />

## An Unexplored World

At the beginning of each Blitz game, the world lies largely unexplored. The only exceptions are the settled Realms and
the array of Hyperstructures which can be seen in the World view, arranged in expanding rings around the center of the
map. The six hexes adjacent to these structures are also revealed, but beyond these instances, the world remains cloaked
by the mist, waiting for ambitious Lords to send forth their armies to explore. Once a hex is explored, the state of the
hex (i.e. the biome and whether it contains a world structure) is permanently revealed to all Lords.

## Map Layout

### Hyperstructure Positioning

The number of registered Lords for a game of Blitz determines the size of the map and the number of Hyperstructures
available for Lords to compete over. A single Hyperstructure marks the center of the map, around which other concentric
Hyperstructure 'rings' are spawned every 15 hexes until all players are accommodated.

<HyperstructureRings />

### Realm Positioning

Once the size of the map and the number of Hyperstructures are determined, player positions are determined within the
bounds of the Hyperstructure rings. While the order in which players are placed is randomized, the positioning is
sequential and follows a rotational pattern to distribute Lords as evenly as possible and attempt to ensure equal
opportunity in accessing the Hyperstructure objectives.

The Realms of each participating Lord are positioned three hexes apart in a triangle formation. Each Realm is also
located within eight hexes of a Hyperstructure and eight hexes from the nearest Realm belonging to another Lord
(assuming all available player positions are filled). More details of the positioning system are available in the
[Realms](/blitz/realms/realm) section.

<div style={importantNote.container}>
  <h3 style={importantNote.title}>⚠️ IMPORTANT NOTE</h3>
  <p style={importantNote.content}>
    There is no immunity period in Blitz. All Realms are able to be attacked and claimed from the moment the game
    begins.
  </p>
</div>

## Relic Crates

An unknown force occasionally reveals treasures from the past in random locations on the world map. As players explore
hexes, there is a chance that a Relic Crate will be revealed on a different nearby tile, visible to all players. These
crates can contain powerful boosts that can accelerate the production of your Realms, improve the stamina regeneration
of your armies, or even give them combat damage boosts to give you an edge over your foes. The first army to reach and
activate the crate will receive **three** Relics directly into their inventory and **1,000 victory points** for their
Lord, so be sure to secure them before your enemies do!

<img src="/images/covers/blitz-relic-crate.png" alt="Relic Crate" className="w-full rounded-lg my-6" />
