# Transfers & Trade

## Transport

### Transfers

Throughout the season, Lords will face the need to transfer materials from place to place around the world map, whether
it be to their own Realms and Villages, or other structures like Banks, Hyperstructures, and Fragment Mines. Lords have
two primary options for initiating transfers:

- **Detailed Transfer**: Players can use the comprehensive transfer menu accessible from the Trade tab. This allows
  transfers of multiple types of materials simultaneously, to any structure on the map—including those belonging to
  other players.

![Detailed Transfer](/gifs/transfer-all.gif)

- **Quick Transfer**: Alternatively, Lords can swiftly transfer resources between their own structures using the
  resources sidebar, ideal for managing internal logistics and maintaining supply chains.

![Quick Transfer](/gifs/transfer-own.gif)

### The Donkey Network

When a transfer is initiated, donkeys travel through the invisible and immutable donkey network. This is the key
infrastructure upon which all material transport takes place, facilitating trade between players and Banks. One donkey
is capable of carrying up to 500 kg of materials, so the number of donkeys required for a transfer depends on the total
weight of the materials being moved. Once a transfer is initiated, it cannot be cancelled, and the journey will take
some time depending on the distance to the destination structure. Upon arrival, transferred materials and donkeys must
be manually claimed via the 'Resource Arrivals' tab before they become available for use.

## Banks & Marketplaces

### Banks

<div style={{ display: "flex", justifyContent: "center", margin: "2rem 0" }}>
  <img
    src="/images/buildings/construction/bank.png"
    alt="Bank Building"
    style={{ maxWidth: "100%", height: "auto", borderRadius: "8px" }}
  />
</div>

Six ancient Banks stand evenly distributed around, and equidistant from, the centre of the map.

At the start of the game, each Bank is occupied by powerful groups of bandits. Lords who conquer a Bank become the
beneficiary of any fees from the Automated Market Maker (AMM) trades that they facilitate. Although Banks collect fees
independently, they collectively share liquidity, ensuring consistent and stable trading conditions throughout Eternum.
Realms and Villages automatically utilize their nearest Bank when trading through the AMM.

### AMM (Automated Market Maker)

The Automated Market Maker (AMM) is a decentralized trading protocol facilitated by the six Banks, allowing for
instantaneous and trustless trades 24/7—the DeFi of Eternum. Trades executed via the AMM automatically utilize the
closest Bank, directing trade fees specifically to that Bank's owner. Lords can further benefit from the AMM by
contributing materials and $LORDS to liquidity pools, earning a share of the fees generated from subsequent swaps. Lords
should be aware of the relatively high fees for using the AMM and consider the Orderbook for other trading options
first.

### Orderbook

Complementing the AMM, the Orderbook is a peer-to-peer marketplace, allowing Lords to place precise buy or sell orders
at chosen quantities and prices. This traditional method of trading incurs lower fees and offers Lords strategic
control, enabling them to manage market conditions to their advantage and set OTC orders for friends and allies.

## Bridging (Portals)

Portals provide Lords with the ability to bridge materials into and out of Eternum, connecting the in-game economy with
the Starknet infrastructure layer. Portals are mysterious and unstable devices, so they tend to burn up most of the
materials sent through. However, there is evidence that the power of the Hyperstructures can increase the stability of
Portals throughout Eternum. As Lords manage to reestablish these mighty structures throughout the land, the efficiency
of bridging in and out of Eternum improves for all.

[efficiency table]

Each Realm comes equipped with a Portal. Realm Lords are able to bridge materials both into and out of their Realms
directly. Villages, however, have more limited bridging capabilities—they can bridge materials out of Eternum, but not
in. This is in line with their existing restrictions on receiving troops from external sources. They are also limited to
utilizing the Portal belonging to their parent Realm, for which the Realm owner collects a 5% fee on all materials and
tokens bridged out of the game.

Banks also have portals to allow Lords to manage liquidity positions. These positions may be bridged in and out
directly, and are linked with the wallet rather than a particular Realm or Village. Therefore, if a Lord loses their
Realm to another through conquest, they will still be able to manage any LP that they have with the bank.
