client/apps/game-docs/docs/pages/blitz/materials/production.mdx, before:

import {
  BlitzDonkeyProduction,
  BlitzStandardTroopProduction,
  BlitzSimpleTroopProduction,
  BlitzSimpleResourceProduction,
  BlitzStandardResourceProduction,
  BlitzLaborProduction,
} from "@/components/ResourceProduction";

# ⚒️ Production

## Standard vs. Simple

As is the case for building construction, Lords can choose between standard and simple production systems when deciding
how they wish to produce their materials. This can be done by selecting the appropriate panel when making an order in
the production screen.

![Simple Mode Production](/gifs/labor-production.gif)

_Note: Lords must commit the full material requirements to the production order upfront. The output is then produced at
a given rate per second._

### Standard Mode

The classic production system—every resource and troop production order requires food and a combination of other
resources as inputs. As with buildings, standard mode is the more complex but efficient way to produce materials.

### Simple Mode

Simple mode reduces the requirements for a production order to food and labor. This is, once again, less efficient in
both time and resources—but it allows Lords to produce resources on their Realm even if they haven't yet aquired the
input resources required for standard mode production.

## Materials Production

### Food

Wheat is the only food source in Blitz and can be produced without inputs. Once a Farm has been constructed, it can
produce food indefinitely. Each Farm produces 5 Wheat per second.

### Resources

The 9 resources found in Blitz are the backbone of the economy. Producing one resource requires the input of two other
resources (standard mode), or labor (simple mode). Resources are also the main components in building construction and
troop production - so mastery of these assets is key to success and security.

![Produce from building](/gifs/produce-from-building-click.gif)

<BlitzSimpleResourceProduction />

<BlitzStandardResourceProduction />

### Labor

Labor is the primary input for construction and production in simple mode, but is also required in standard mode for
building construction and Realm upgrades. It is produced automatically by the Keep, creating a steady stream at a fixed
rate of 1 labor per second.

### Troops

Troops are essential for exploration, defending your lands and conquering your enemies. Every Lord will be required to
produce troops to ensure they remain a relevant force throughout the game. Three troop tiers are available, each
requiring a combination of food, rare resources, and troops of the previous tier as input for production.

_Note: Only T1 troops can be produced in both standard and simple mode. T2 and T3 troops can only be produced in
standard mode._

<BlitzSimpleTroopProduction />
<BlitzStandardTroopProduction />

### Donkeys

The humble steeds that move all materials around the world must themselves be produced in a market building. Donkeys are
one-time-use and consumed after a single journey, so Lords will need to produce a steady supply of donkeys to ensure
that they can sustain their supply chains and logistics. Once the market has been constructed, donkeys only require a
steady stream of food to produce.

<BlitzDonkeyProduction />

Commit message:

update main (#3828)
* Update game documentation (#3787)

* Update game documentation: update resource and labor building/production modes, adjust building costs and exploration mechanics. Remove outdated entries and improve clarity in various sections, including achievements, materials, and victory points. Update links and descriptions for better user experience.

* format and build issues fix

* format

---------

Co-authored-by: aymericdelab <aymericdelabrousse@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: raschel <38816784+aymericdelab@users.noreply.github.com>

* ci: add 8pm EST blitz deploy time

* ci: add 8:30pm EST blitz deploy time

* Minor fixes to most recent docs update (#3790)

* Minor fixes to most recent docs update.

* Minor fix

* format and build issue fix

---------

Co-authored-by: aymericdelab <aymericdelabrousse@gmail.com>

* ci: script for blitz torii  deployment

* ci: script for blitz torii  deployment

* ci: script for blitz torii  deployment

* ci: script for blitz torii  deployment

* ci: script for blitz torii  deployment

* ci: script for blitz torii  deployment

* ci: script for blitz torii  deployment

* ci: add factory scripts

* ci: add factory scripts

* ci: add factory scripts

* ci: add factory scripts

* ci: add factory scripts

* ci: add factory scripts

* ci: add factory scripts

* add slot auth to factory cleanup

* updatefactory cleanup

* ci: update factory ref branch

* ci: deploy old game deploy script

* Docs update 7 November 2025 (#3824)

* update changelog date, adjust resource costs for buildings and Realm upgrades in Blitz

* docs format

---------

Co-authored-by: aymericdelab <aymericdelabrousse@gmail.com>

---------

Co-authored-by: KrumpyLumpkins <vengeful_gnome@hotmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Credence <hello@zerocredence.com>
Co-authored-by: Credence <lojetokun@gmail.com>

client/apps/game-docs/docs/pages/blitz/materials/production.mdx, after:

import {
  BlitzDonkeyProduction,
  BlitzStandardTroopProduction,
  BlitzSimpleTroopProduction,
  BlitzSimpleResourceProduction,
  BlitzStandardResourceProduction,
  BlitzLaborProduction,
} from "@/components/ResourceProduction";

# ⚒️ Production

## Resource Mode vs. Labor Mode

As is the case for building construction, Lords can choose between resource-based and labor-based production systems
when deciding how they wish to produce their materials. This can be done by selecting the appropriate panel when making
an order in the production screen.

_Note: Lords must commit the full material requirements to the production order upfront. The output is then produced at
a given rate per second._

### Resource Mode

The classic production system—every resource and troop production order requires food and a combination of other
resources as inputs. As with buildings, resource mode is the more complex but efficient way to produce materials.

### Labor Mode

Labor mode reduces the requirements for a production order to food and labor. This is, once again, less efficient in
both time and resources—but it allows Lords to produce resources on their Realm even if they haven't yet aquired the
input resources required for resource mode production.

## Materials Production

### Food

Wheat is the only food source in Blitz and can be produced without inputs. Once a Farm has been constructed, it can
produce food indefinitely. Each Farm produces 5 Wheat per second.

### Resources

The 9 resources found in Blitz are the backbone of the economy. Producing one resource requires the input of two other
resources (resource mode), or labor (labor mode). Resources are also the main components in building construction and
troop production - so mastery of these assets is key to success and security.

![Produce from building](/gifs/produce-from-building-click.gif)

<BlitzSimpleResourceProduction />

<BlitzStandardResourceProduction />

### Labor

Labor is the primary input for construction and production in simple mode, but is also required in resource mode for
building construction and Realm upgrades. It is produced automatically by the Keep, creating a steady stream at a fixed
rate of 1 labor per second.

### Troops

Troops are essential for exploration, defending your lands and conquering your enemies. Every Lord will be required to
produce troops to ensure they remain a relevant force throughout the game. Three troop tiers are available, each
requiring a combination of food, rare resources, and troops of the previous tier as input for production.

_Note: Only T1 troops can be produced in both resource and labor mode. T2 and T3 troops can only be produced in resource
mode._

<BlitzSimpleTroopProduction />
<BlitzStandardTroopProduction />

### Donkeys

The humble steeds that move all materials around the world must themselves be produced in a market building. Donkeys are
one-time-use and consumed after a single journey, so Lords will need to produce a steady supply of donkeys to ensure
that they can sustain their supply chains and logistics. Once the market has been constructed, donkeys only require a
steady stream of food to produce.

<BlitzDonkeyProduction />
