client/apps/game-docs/docs/pages/blitz/materials/storage.mdx, before:

import { WeightTable } from "@/components/WeightTable";
import { formatNumberWithCommas } from "@/utils/formatting";
import { divideByPrecision } from "@/utils/resources";
import { CapacityConfig, ResourcesIds } from "@bibliothecadao/types";
import { ETERNUM_CONFIG } from "@/utils/config";

# 🏺 Storage System

Your available storage limits the amount of materials your Realm can hold. Effective management of your
storage capacity is essential for successful development. Each Realm begins with a base capacity of
**{formatNumberWithCommas(ETERNUM_CONFIG().carryCapacityGram[CapacityConfig.Storehouse]/1000)} kg**. You'll need to
construct storehouses to expand your storage capabilities.

## Material Weights

Materials have different weights that affect storage:

<WeightTable />

## Storehouses <img src="/images/buildings/construction/storehouse.png" alt="Storehouse" width="300" className="float-right"/>

Expand your storage capacity to support your growing realm:

- **Capacity**: Each storehouse adds
  {formatNumberWithCommas(ETERNUM_CONFIG().carryCapacityGram[CapacityConfig.Storehouse]/1000 )}kg of storage capacity.
- **Expansion**: Build additional storehouses to increase total storage.

- **Danger**: When storage is full new production is wasted

## World Structure Storage

All world structures have set storage capacities **(that cannot be expanded through the use of storehouses)**. These
capacities are as follows:

| Structure Type | Storage Capacity                                                                                             |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Hyperstructure | {formatNumberWithCommas(ETERNUM_CONFIG().carryCapacityGram[CapacityConfig.HyperstructureStructure]/1000)} kg |

## Storage Management Tips

> 💡 **Best Practices**
>
> - Check storage levels regularly
> - Build new storehouses before reaching capacity
> - Pause production when storage is nearly full
> - Plan material usage to maximize storage efficiency

Commit message:

Update game documentation for Blitz and transitioned Overview to cover both game modes
- Revised title and descriptions
- Enhanced sidebar navigation with new sections for Loot Chests, Military, and Materials.
- Added new resource tiers and updated existing content for clarity and accuracy.
- Removed outdated sections and marked several pages as work in progress.
- Improved descriptions for game mechanics, including scoring, military strategies, and resource management.

client/apps/game-docs/docs/pages/blitz/materials/storage.mdx, after:

import { WeightTable } from "@/components/WeightTable";
import { formatNumberWithCommas } from "@/utils/formatting";
import { divideByPrecision } from "@/utils/resources";
import { CapacityConfig, ResourcesIds } from "@bibliothecadao/types";
import { ETERNUM_CONFIG } from "@/utils/config";

# 🏺 Storage System

Your available storage limits the amount of materials your Realm can hold. Each Realm begins with a base capacity of
**{formatNumberWithCommas(ETERNUM_CONFIG().carryCapacityGram[CapacityConfig.Storehouse]/1000)} kg**. You'll need to
construct storehouses to expand your storage capabilities.

## Material Weights

Materials have different weights that affect storage:

<span style={{ color: "red" }}>DRAFTING NOTE: Table requires update from config.</span>

<WeightTable />

## Storehouses 

<img src="/images/buildings/construction/storehouse.png" alt="Storehouse" width="300" className="float-right"/>

Each storehouse adds {formatNumberWithCommas(ETERNUM_CONFIG().carryCapacityGram[CapacityConfig.Storehouse]/1000)}kg of storage capacity. Lords 
must be careful not to exceed the storage capacity of their Realms, as any produced materials that cannot be stored will be permanently lost.

## World Structure Storage

All world structures have set storage capacities **(that cannot be expanded through the use of storehouses)**. These
capacities are as follows:

<span style={{ color: "red" }}>DRAFTING NOTE: Table requires update from config.</span>

| Structure Type | Storage Capacity                                                                                             |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Hyperstructure | {formatNumberWithCommas(ETERNUM_CONFIG().carryCapacityGram[CapacityConfig.HyperstructureStructure]/1000)} kg |
| Essence Rift   | {formatNumberWithCommas(ETERNUM_CONFIG().carryCapacityGram[CapacityConfig.EssenceRift]/1000)} kg             |
| Camp           | {formatNumberWithCommas(ETERNUM_CONFIG().carryCapacityGram[CapacityConfig.Camp]/1000)} kg                    |
