# Buildings

## Standard vs. Simple

Season 1 offers two building systems. Lords can switch between standard and simple building modes at any time by
clicking the toggle at the top of the construction tab.

[screenshot]

Note: Some buildings only require food to construct. Farms, Fishing Villages and Resource Buildings have the same
construction cost in both standard and simple building modes.

### Standard Mode

This is the classic Eternum experience. Construction requires a combination of labor and a particular set of resources
as building materials. Standard mode is more complex as it involves a greater number of materials in storage, however it
is far more efficient overall. This building mode is generally designed for those with multiple Realms and/or Villages
working with economies of scale.

### Simple Mode

This mode allows players to utilize Labor, a new material for Season 1, as the singular input for construction. Simple
mode greatly improves accessibility and simplifies gameplay overall, but is much less efficient in both time and
materials. This would be the preferred system for players with smaller holdings and limited access to a variety of
resources.

## Placement & Population

### Placement

The construction tab can be accessed in the Local view. Buildings can be constructed on any buildable hex of a Realm or
Village, provided the owner has the requisite materials and population capacity. Buildable hexes are defined by the
upgrade level (i.e. Settlement, City, Kingdom, or Empire) and are visible as hexes with patches of bare, prepared earth.
Most buildings can be constructed in either simple or standard mode, which toggled at the top of the construction tab.

[screenshot]

### Population

Population is the total population utilised by the currently constructed production buildings on a Realm or Village,
while the population capacity is the maximum available population with which to construct production buildings. Worker
Huts can be built to increase population capacity, while all other buildings require population capacity to be available
in order to be constructed. Lords must balance their construction to ensure there is enough population capacity
available to construct their desired production buildings.

## Building Types

### The Keep

Settling any Realm or Village will automatically construct a structure in the centre of your buildable hexes, known as
the Keep. This structure represents your seat of power and the central point of governance, and facilitates key
functions such as Realm/Village upgrades and Labor production. This building cannot be destroyed and provides a baseline
population capacity of 5.

### Resource Buildings

There is a specific resource building for each of the 22 resources in the game, so Lords will require separate resource
buildings if they wish to produce more than one type of resource. These buildings only require food to construct and
have the same requirements in simple and standard mode.

[resource building table, including population cost]

### Economic Buildings

These buildings define the utility of a Realm or Village, including food production, donkey production, population
capacity, and storage capacity. All of these buildings can be constructed in either standard or simple mode, but have
varying costs and population requirements:

[economic building table, including population cost / population capacity increase (Worker Hut) / storage capacity
increase (Storehouse)]

### Military Buildings

Your military buildings are essential for training up armies to defend your territories and project your might. There
are three 'tiers' of each of the three troop types, but a different building is required to produce each troop tier. As
such, there are a total of 9 military buildings in the game.

Note: Only T1 troop buildings can be constructed in both standard and simple mode. T2 and T3 military buildings are only
available for construction in standard mode.

[military building table, including population cost]
