client/apps/game-docs/docs/pages/eternum/worldmap-movement/movement.mdx, before:

import TroopMovementTable from "@/components/TroopMovementTable";
import { BiomeStamina } from "@/components/BiomeStamina";

# 🧭 Movement & Exploration

<img src="/images/covers/04.png" alt="Troops Moving Across Eternum" className="w-full rounded-lg my-6" />

## Stamina

Troops in Eternum are deployed onto the world map as armies. Army movement and actions across the map are governed by
stamina, a critical resource Lords must carefully manage.

Stamina is expended whenever an army moves between hexes, explores previously unrevealed areas, or launches an attack
against enemy forces. Each of these actions has a specific stamina cost, making strategic planning essential to
maximizing an army's effectiveness. Armies regenerate stamina at a consistent rate of +20 stamina per Eternum Day. Each
troop type possesses different maximum stamina capacities, outlined in the table below:

<TroopMovementTable />

Lords should remain cautious about fully depleting the stamina of their armies, as forces with low stamina may find
themselves severely disadvantaged if attacked by enemy forces.

## Movement

<div style={{ display: "flex", flexDirection: "column", alignItems: "center" }}>
  <img src="/gifs/moving-army.gif" alt="Moving Army" />
  <em>Moving armies in the client</em>
</div>

Armies in Eternum can move freely into any adjacent, unoccupied hex. A hex is considered occupied if it contains a
Realm, Village, another army, or a world structure such as a Bank, Fragment Mine, or Hyperstructure. Armies may also
move to more distant hexes, provided there is a continuous path of adjacent, unoccupied hexes leading to the
destination, and the army has sufficient stamina available for the entire journey.

The amount of stamina consumed when moving into a hex depends on both the biome of that hex and the type of troops
within the army. The table below details biome-specific stamina costs for each troop type:

<BiomeStamina />

## Exploring

When an army is positioned adjacent to an unexplored hex, Lords may choose to send that army forth to uncover what lies
hidden. Exploring an unknown hex always costs 30 stamina and will reveal that hex to all Lords, permanently expanding
the known boundaries of the world.

If the newly explored hex contains a world structure or an agent army, the exploring army will automatically be pushed
back to the hex from which they started without any additional stamina penalty. Additionally, during exploration, armies
gather any valuables they encounter, receiving a stack of randomly selected resources directly into their inventory. If
an army becomes overloaded, they will not be able to undertake further exploration, but can continue to travel on
previously-explored hexes. Armies can return to a structure to offload the materials, or drop them to free up space.
Note that any materials discarded in the field will be permanently lost (burned).

Given the possibility of encountering hostile agent armies during exploration, Lords should ensure that their exploring
armies are well-prepared and capable of defending themselves in unexpected combat situations.

<div style={{ display: "flex", flexDirection: "column", alignItems: "center" }}>
  <img src="/gifs/explore.gif" alt="Explore" />
  <em>Explore in the client</em>
</div>

## Troop Transfers

Lords may transfer troops from one army to another, provided that they are on adjacent hexes, the same troop type, and
the same tier. To transfer troops from one army to another, or to a structure, the player first needs to select its army
on the worldmap using left-click, then right-click on the target and select the Transfer -> Transfer Troops tab.
Transferring troops from one army to another with lower stamina makes no change to the stamina of either army.
Transferring from an army with lower stamina to an army with higher stamina will reduce the higher-stamina army to equal
that of the lower stamina army.

<div style={{ display: "flex", flexDirection: "column", alignItems: "center" }}>
  <img src="/gifs/transfer-troops.gif" alt="Transfer Troops" />
  <em>Transfer troops in the client</em>
</div>

Commit message:

refactor: update damage calculation and stamina mechanics in line with combat v1.1; remove storage table component; add loot chest and cosmetic item information; fix cosmetic item table; remove storage from Blitz; complete grammar and spell check.

client/apps/game-docs/docs/pages/eternum/worldmap-movement/movement.mdx, after:

import TroopMovementTable from "@/components/TroopMovementTable";
import { BiomeStamina } from "@/components/BiomeStamina";

# 🧭 Movement & Exploration

<img src="/images/covers/04.png" alt="Troops Moving Across Eternum" className="w-full rounded-lg my-6" />

## Stamina

Troops in Eternum are deployed onto the world map as armies. Army movement and actions across the map are governed by
stamina, a critical resource Lords must carefully manage.

Stamina is expended whenever an army moves between hexes, explores previously unrevealed areas, or launches an attack
against enemy forces. Each of these actions has a specific stamina cost, making strategic planning essential to
maximizing an army's effectiveness. Armies regenerate stamina at a consistent rate of +2 stamina per Phase (10 minutes), totaling +12 stamina per Eternum Day. Each
troop type possesses different maximum stamina capacities, outlined in the table below:

<TroopMovementTable />

Lords should remain cautious about fully depleting the stamina of their armies, as forces with low stamina may find
themselves severely disadvantaged if attacked by enemy forces.

## Movement

<div style={{ display: "flex", flexDirection: "column", alignItems: "center" }}>
  <img src="/gifs/moving-army.gif" alt="Moving Army" />
  <em>Moving armies in the client</em>
</div>

Armies in Eternum can move freely into any adjacent, unoccupied hex. A hex is considered occupied if it contains a
Realm, Village, another army, or a world structure such as a Bank, Fragment Mine, or Hyperstructure. Armies may also
move to more distant hexes, provided there is a continuous path of adjacent, unoccupied hexes leading to the
destination, and the army has sufficient stamina available for the entire journey.

The amount of stamina consumed when moving into a hex depends on both the biome of that hex and the type of troops
within the army. The table below details biome-specific stamina costs for each troop type:

<BiomeStamina />

## Exploring

When an army is positioned adjacent to an unexplored hex, Lords may choose to send that army forth to uncover what lies
hidden. Exploring an unknown hex always costs 30 stamina and will reveal that hex to all Lords, permanently expanding
the known boundaries of the world.

If the newly explored hex contains a world structure or an agent army, the exploring army will automatically be pushed
back to the hex from which they started without any additional stamina penalty. Additionally, during exploration, armies
gather any valuables they encounter, receiving a stack of randomly selected resources directly into their inventory. If
an army becomes overloaded, they will not be able to undertake further exploration, but can continue to travel on
previously-explored hexes. Armies can return to a structure to offload the materials, or drop them to free up space.
Note that any materials discarded in the field will be permanently lost (burned).

Given the possibility of encountering hostile agent armies during exploration, Lords should ensure that their exploring
armies are well-prepared and capable of defending themselves in unexpected combat situations.

<div style={{ display: "flex", flexDirection: "column", alignItems: "center" }}>
  <img src="/gifs/explore.gif" alt="Explore" />
  <em>Explore in the client</em>
</div>

## Troop Transfers

Lords may transfer troops from one army to another, provided that they are on adjacent hexes, the same troop type, and
the same tier. To transfer troops from one army to another, or to a structure, the player first needs to select its army
on the worldmap using left-click, then right-click on the target and select the Transfer -> Transfer Troops tab.
Troops can be transferred between armies (and Realm defense slots) at any time, and transfers are not impacted by battle 
timers. However, in all instances of a troop transfer, the army that has received troops:

- adopts the **lower** of the two armies' stamina values, and
- adopts the **higher** of the two armies' battle timers.

<div style={{ display: "flex", flexDirection: "column", alignItems: "center" }}>
  <img src="/gifs/transfer-troops.gif" alt="Transfer Troops" />
  <em>Transfer troops in the client</em>
</div>
