client/apps/game-docs/docs/pages/blitz/military/stamina-and-biomes.mdx, before:

import { Biomes } from "@/components/Biomes";
import { BiomeCombat } from "@/components/BiomeCombat";

# 🌪️ Stamina & Biomes

## Stamina

Stamina is a vital resource governing the mobility and effectiveness of armies. Each deployed army possesses a maximum
stamina value determined by its troop type and tier. Field armies expend stamina when moving, exploring unknown hexes,
or engaging in combat against other armies and structures. Guard armies only expend stamina when attacking armies in
hexes adjacent to their structure. During combat, stamina impacts army combat effectiveness:

### Attacking Army

The attacking army is the army initiating an instance of combat. Attacks require a minimum of **30 stamina**, so armies
with less than 30 stamina cannot initiate an attack. Each additional stamina point above this threshold grants a **1%**
damage bonus, up to a maximum of **+30%** damage at **60 stamina**. Additional stamina spend is not optional, so
attacking armies will use all available stamina up to a maximum of **60** for any one attack. If the attacking army
destroys the defending army, they gain **+30 stamina**.

### Defending Army

The defending army is the army being attacked in an instance of combat. Defending armies rely on having stamina
available to maintain full combat effectiveness. When attacked, defending armies incur a **1%** damage reduction for
every stamina point below **30**. For example, if an army is attacked while they have **10 stamina**, they would deal
**-20%** damage to the attacking army. The maximum penalty is **-30%** damage if stamina is completely depleted.
Successfully defending an attack does not deplete stamina. Lords should manage their armies' stamina carefully, ensuring
they retain enough reserves to remain effective against unexpected attacks.

## Biomes (Combat Effects)

The combat effectiveness of different troop types is impacted by the biome on which the defending army is located when
the combat instance is started. Armies can gain either a combat advantage (**+30%** damage), disadvantage (**-30%**
damage), or no effect, depending on their affinity with a particular biome. To summarise these combat modifiers for each
troop type:

⚔️️ ️️️**Knights** excel in forests, leveraging cover and mobility, but suffer reduced effectiveness in deserts,
beaches, and snow-covered regions where their heavy armour and weapons can make it difficult to move on the soft ground
cover. Knights are equally advantaged, disadvantaged or not affected across all biome types.

🏹 **Crossbowmen** benefit from open seas and unstable terrains (such as beaches and snow), where they can remain static
and make the most of their ranged capabilities. However, they will be disadvantaged in flat, open terrain with no cover
or opportunity for concealment. Crossbowmen are the least advantaged, but also the least disadvantaged by biome
modifiers of the three troop types.

🛡 ️**Paladins** dominate open, flat terrain where mounted units thrive, but are hindered in dense forests and on open
water where their mounted capabilities are negated. They are the most advantaged, but also the most disadvantaged troop
type. In combination with the biome effects on stamina use, Paladins are less versatile than other Knights or
Crossbowmen, but are devastatingly effective in the right situations.

**Note: The scorched biome applies +30% damage to all troop types, representing the additional casualties sustained from
battling in an inhospitable environment.**

<BiomeCombat />

Commit message:

docs content update (#3482)
* New attempt from recent branch. Remove outdated documentation and components; update game references and improve clarity

- Updated vocs.config.ts to reflect new documentation structure and added outDir for build output.
- Revised various documentation pages to enhance clarity, including updates to game mechanics, materials, and military systems.
- Marked sections as WIP for further review.
- Fixed formatting issues and ensured consistent terminology across the documentation.

This commit streamlines the documentation for Eternum and Blitz, ensuring accuracy and clarity for users.

* Readdition of README.md

* Fix dead links

Corrected links from /mechanics/ to /eternum/ in multiple documentation files for consistency.

* Blitz Revision incl. Art & Tables

- Introduced new components for Blitz mode, hardcoded tables to convey information while waiting on config.
- Updated existing documentation to reflect the new Blitz mode features, including adjustments to resource production, troop movement, and military mechanics.
- Marked sections as work in progress (WIP) for further review and refinement.
- Enhanced clarity and consistency across various documentation pages related to Blitz mode, ensuring accurate representation of game mechanics and resources.

* Fixed inline export issues

* fix build issues

* fix build

* prettier

* fix table issues and add essence icon

* prettier

* fix build, remove comments

---------

Co-authored-by: aymericdelab <aymericdelabrousse@gmail.com>

client/apps/game-docs/docs/pages/blitz/military/stamina-and-biomes.mdx, after:

import { BiomeCombat } from "@/components/BiomeCombat";

# ⚡ Stamina & Biome Effects

## Stamina

Stamina is a vital resource governing the mobility and effectiveness of armies. Each deployed army possesses a maximum
stamina value determined by its troop type and tier as explained above. Field armies expend stamina when moving,
exploring unknown hexes, or engaging in combat against other armies and structures. Guard armies only expend stamina
when attacking armies in hexes adjacent to their structure. During combat, stamina impacts army combat effectiveness:

### Attacking Army

The attacking army is the army initiating an instance of combat. Attacks require a minimum of **30 stamina**, so armies
with less than 30 stamina cannot initiate an attack. Each additional stamina point above this threshold grants a **1%**
damage bonus, up to a maximum of **+30%** damage at **60 stamina**. Additional stamina spend is not optional, so
attacking armies will use all available stamina up to a maximum of **60** for any one attack. If the attacking army
destroys the defending army, they gain **+30 stamina**.

### Defending Army

The defending army is the army being attacked in an instance of combat. Defending armies rely on having stamina
available to maintain full combat effectiveness. When attacked, defending armies incur a **1%** damage reduction for
every stamina point below **30**. For example, if an army is attacked while they have **10 stamina**, they would deal
**-20%** damage to the attacking army. The maximum penalty is **-30%** damage if stamina is completely depleted.
Successfully defending an attack does not deplete stamina. Lords should manage their armies' stamina carefully, ensuring
they retain enough reserves to remain effective against unexpected attacks.

## Biomes (Combat Effects)

The combat effectiveness of different troop types is impacted by the biome on which the defending army is located when
engaging in battle. Armies can gain either a combat advantage (**+30%** damage), disadvantage (**-30%** damage), or no
effect, depending on their affinity with a particular biome. To summarise these combat modifiers for each troop type:

⚔️️ ️️️**Knights** excel in forests, leveraging cover and mobility, but suffer reduced effectiveness in deserts,
beaches, and snow-covered regions where their heavy armour and weapons can make it difficult to move on the soft ground
cover. Knights are equally advantaged, disadvantaged or not affected across all biome types.

🏹 **Crossbowmen** benefit from open seas and unstable terrains (such as beaches and snow), where they can remain static
and make the most of their ranged capabilities. However, they will be disadvantaged in flat, open terrain with no cover
or opportunity for concealment. Crossbowmen are the least advantaged, but also the least disadvantaged by biome
modifiers of the three troop types.

🐴 ️**Paladins** dominate open, flat terrain where mounted units thrive, but are hindered in dense forests and on open
water where their mounted capabilities are negated. They are the most advantaged, but also the most disadvantaged troop
type. In combination with the biome effects on stamina use, Paladins are less versatile than other Knights or
Crossbowmen, but are devastatingly effective in the right situations.

**Note: The scorched biome applies +30% damage to all troop types, representing the additional casualties sustained from
battling in an inhospitable environment.**

<BiomeCombat />
