client/apps/game-docs/docs/pages/mechanics/victory.mdx, before:

import { ETERNUM_CONFIG } from "@/utils/config";
import {
  HyperstructureInitializationShardsTable,
  HyperstructureConstructionCostTable,
  HyperstructurePointsTable,
  getTotalHyperstructureCompletionPoints,
  HYPERSTRUCTURE_POINT_MULTIPLIER,
} from "@/components/HyperstructureTable";
import { formatNumberWithCommas } from "@/utils/formatting";

# 👑 Victory

<img src="/images/covers/07.png" alt="Troops Moving Across Eternum" className="w-full rounded-lg my-6" />

## Victory Points

Ultimate victory in Eternum is measured by Victory Points (VP), earned exclusively through Hyperstructures. When a
single player’s total VP reaches the season-defined threshold, they unlock the ability to End Season, immediately
halting all further gameplay actions and cementing the final standings. Thus, the race to build, seize, and defend
Hyperstructures is the decisive path that ultimately closes the chapter on each season of Eternum.

## Activating Foundations

Each Hyperstructure is unique, requiring varying quantities of all 22 resources (and Labor) for completion. After
accumulating **{ formatNumberWithCommas(ETERNUM_CONFIG().hyperstructures.hyperstructureInitializationShardsCost.amount)}
Ancient Fragments** at a Hyperstructure Foundation, Lords can activate the foundation and begin construction. Upon
activation, the exact quantity required for each resource is randomly determined within predefined minimum and maximum
ranges shown below:

<HyperstructureInitializationShardsTable />

<HyperstructureConstructionCostTable />

_Note: In addition to these resources, all Hyperstructures require a fixed contribution of 50,000,000 units of labor to
complete construction._

## Construction Victory Points

The Lord initiating the Hyperstructure construction determines whether contributions can be made by all Lords (public)
or restricted to members of their tribe (private). Contributions may be made directly from Realms or Villages without
requiring donkeys for transport. Upon completion of the Hyperstructure, all Lords who contributed resources and labor
receive a proportional allocation of **{formatNumberWithCommas(getTotalHyperstructureCompletionPoints())} victory
points** based on their individual contributions.

## Accumulation Victory Points

Separately, and in addition to the victory points awarded at completion, the owner of the Hyperstructure begins to
accumulate
**{formatNumberWithCommas(Number(ETERNUM_CONFIG().hyperstructures.hyperstructurePointsPerCycle)/HYPERSTRUCTURE_POINT_MULTIPLIER)}
victory points** for every second the structure remains under their control. These accumulating victory points can be
shared among multiple Lords through a customizable share split, allowing the owner to distribute glory and reward
cooperation. If a Hyperstructure is claimed by another Lord, future accumulated victory points are redirected to the new
owner, who may similarly decide on sharing arrangements.

## Total Victory

Victory points earned through construction contributions or accumulation cannot be lost once awarded. The first player
to reach
**{formatNumberWithCommas(Number(ETERNUM_CONFIG().hyperstructures.hyperstructurePointsForWin)/HYPERSTRUCTURE_POINT_MULTIPLIER)}
total victory points** unlocks the ability to select the ‘End Season’ option, concluding the current game season.

<HyperstructurePointsTable />

Commit message:

Update game documentation and redact military details (#2912)
* add redacted for military

* mine docs

* build

client/apps/game-docs/docs/pages/mechanics/victory.mdx, after:

import { ETERNUM_CONFIG } from "@/utils/config";
import {
  HyperstructureInitializationShardsTable,
  HyperstructureConstructionCostTable,
  HyperstructurePointsTable,
  getTotalHyperstructureCompletionPoints,
  HYPERSTRUCTURE_POINT_MULTIPLIER,
} from "@/components/HyperstructureTable";
import { formatNumberWithCommas } from "@/utils/formatting";

# 👑 Victory

<img src="/images/covers/07.png" alt="Troops Moving Across Eternum" className="w-full rounded-lg my-6" />

## Victory Points

Ultimate victory in Eternum is measured by Victory Points (VP), earned exclusively through Hyperstructures. When a
single player’s total VP reaches the season-defined threshold, they unlock the ability to End Season, immediately
halting all further gameplay actions and cementing the final standings. Thus, the race to build, seize, and defend
Hyperstructures is the decisive path that ultimately closes the chapter on each season of Eternum.

## Activating Foundations

Each Hyperstructure is unique, requiring varying quantities of all 22 resources (and Labor) for completion. To activate
a Hyperstructure Foundation, all **{
formatNumberWithCommas(ETERNUM_CONFIG().hyperstructures.hyperstructureInitializationShardsCost.amount)} Ancient
Fragments** must be deposited into the mine's balance, and then the owner of the mine must explicitly activate the
foundation to begin construction. Upon activation, the exact quantity required for each resource is randomly determined
within predefined minimum and maximum ranges shown below:

<HyperstructureInitializationShardsTable />

<HyperstructureConstructionCostTable />

_Note: In addition to these resources, all Hyperstructures require a fixed contribution of 50,000,000 units of labor to
complete construction._

## Construction Victory Points

The Lord initiating the Hyperstructure construction determines whether contributions can be made by all Lords (public)
or restricted to members of their tribe (private). Contributions may be made directly from Realms or Villages without
requiring donkeys for transport. Upon completion of the Hyperstructure, all Lords who contributed resources and labor
receive a proportional allocation of **{formatNumberWithCommas(getTotalHyperstructureCompletionPoints())} victory
points** based on their individual contributions.

## Accumulation Victory Points

Separately, and in addition to the victory points awarded at completion, the owner of the Hyperstructure begins to
accumulate
**{formatNumberWithCommas(Number(ETERNUM_CONFIG().hyperstructures.hyperstructurePointsPerCycle)/HYPERSTRUCTURE_POINT_MULTIPLIER)}
victory points** for every second the structure remains under their control. These accumulating victory points can be
shared among multiple Lords through a customizable share split, allowing the owner to distribute glory and reward
cooperation. If a Hyperstructure is claimed by another Lord, future accumulated victory points are redirected to the new
owner, who may similarly decide on sharing arrangements.

## Total Victory

Victory points earned through construction contributions or accumulation cannot be lost once awarded. The first player
to reach
**{formatNumberWithCommas(Number(ETERNUM_CONFIG().hyperstructures.hyperstructurePointsForWin)/HYPERSTRUCTURE_POINT_MULTIPLIER)}
total victory points** unlocks the ability to select the ‘End Season’ option, concluding the current game season.

<HyperstructurePointsTable />
