import TroopMovementTable from "@/components/TroopMovementTable";
import { BiomeStamina } from "@/components/BiomeStamina";

# üó∫Ô∏è World Map & Movement

<img src="/images/covers/05.png" alt="Eternum World Map" className="w-full rounded-lg my-6" />

## The World Map

### An Unexplored World

At the beginning of each season, Eternum lies entirely unexplored, shrouded in mystery and opportunity. The only
exceptions are the six ancient Banks, whose location and surrounding hexes are known and visible from the outset. They
can be seen when settling and when observing the world view, each equidistant from the centre of the map and from one
another.

When Lords settle a Realm or Village, the six hexes directly adjacent are automatically revealed if they haven't already
been explored. Beyond these instances, the world remains cloaked by the mist, waiting for ambitious Lords to send forth
their armies to explore. Once a hex is explored, the state of the hex (i.e. the biome and whether it contains a world
structure or army) is permanently revealed to all Lords.

### Biomes

Each hex is assigned one of 16 biome types, each with unique aesthetics and strategic implications. These biomes are
procedurally generated across the world map following specific rules that dictate their distribution, ensuring a
coherent yet varied world, with certain biomes naturally occurring more or less frequently than others.

Biomes impact both combat effectiveness and troop movement. Each troop type‚ÄîKnights, Crossbowmen, and Paladins‚Äîcan
potentially be advantaged or disadvantaged in battle depending on the biome in which combat takes place; this is
explained in more detail in the Combat section. Additionally, biomes have the potential to enhance or impede army
maneuvers, as the various biomes impact the stamina consumption of each troop type differently as they move between
hexes‚Äîthis is explained further in the subsection below.

## Movement & Exploration

<img src="/images/covers/04.png" alt="Troops Moving Across Eternum" className="w-full rounded-lg my-6" />

### Stamina

Troops in Eternum are deployed onto the world map as armies. Army movement and actions across the map are governed by
stamina, a critical resource Lords must carefully manage.

Stamina is expended whenever an army moves between hexes, explores previously unrevealed areas, or launches an attack
against enemy forces. Each of these actions has a specific stamina cost, making strategic planning essential to
maximizing an army's effectiveness. Armies regenerate stamina at a consistent rate of +20 stamina per Eternum Day. Each
troop type possesses different maximum stamina capacities, outlined in the table below:

<TroopMovementTable />

Lords should remain cautious about fully depleting the stamina of their armies, as forces with low stamina may find
themselves severely disadvantaged if attacked by enemy forces.

### Movement

![Simple Mode Production](/gifs/moving-army.gif)

Armies in Eternum can move freely into any adjacent, unoccupied hex. A hex is considered occupied if it contains a
Realm, Village, another army, or a world structure such as a Bank, Fragment Mine, or Hyperstructure. Armies may also
move to more distant hexes, provided there is a continuous path of adjacent, unoccupied hexes leading to the
destination, and the army has sufficient stamina available for the entire journey.

The amount of stamina consumed when moving into a hex depends on both the biome of that hex and the type of troops
within the army. The table below details biome-specific stamina costs for each troop type:

<BiomeStamina />

### Exploring

When an army is positioned adjacent to an unexplored hex, Lords may choose to send that army forth to uncover what lies
hidden. Exploring an unknown hex always costs 30 stamina and will reveal that hex to all Lords, permanently expanding
the known boundaries of the world.

If the newly explored hex contains a world structure or an agent army, the exploring army will automatically be pushed
back to the hex from which they started without any additional stamina penalty. Additionally, during exploration, armies
gather any valuables they encounter, receiving a stack of randomly selected resources directly into their inventory. If
an army becomes overloaded, resources can be dropped to free up space, but any discarded materials will be permanently
lost (burned).

Given the possibility of encountering hostile agent armies during exploration, Lords should ensure that their exploring
armies are well-prepared and capable of defending themselves in unexpected combat situations.
