import { Biomes } from "@/components/Biomes";

# ⚛️ World Physics

<img
  src="/images/covers/blitz-world-physics.png"
  alt="Blitz World Physics - Armies traversing the realm"
  className="w-full rounded-lg my-6"
/>

In Blitz, every action is governed by onchain physics—immutable rules encoded directly onto the blockchain, ensuring
fairness, transparency, and absolute consistency for all Lords. Here, code is law; no exceptions exist outside the
boundaries set by these protocols.

## Game Duration

Each Blitz game runs for exactly **2 hours**.

## Time

Time within a Blitz game is measured in Eternum Days, and each is precisely 5 minutes in length. One day ends and the
next begins every 5 minutes, so a single Blitz game takes place over 24 Eternum Days.

## Materials

In Blitz, materials such as food, resources, troops and donkeys are isolated within each round. There is no bridging of
materials in and out of the game (other than Relics, which can be bridged in prior to the start of the game). All
materials have an associated weight, which determines the amount that can be stored and the number of donkeys required
to move the goods from place to place.

_Note: This document will use 'materials' to refer to all tangible assets - i.e. food, resources, essence, labor,
troops, and donkeys. This is not to be confused with 'resources', which specifically refers to the 9 resources in
Blitz._

## Cost of Production

With the exception of food, nothing in Blitz is produced for free; every unit of production demands an input—food,
labor, resources, or some combination the three. Lords must consider these costs and effectively balance production to
ensure they can maximize their Score within the 2-hour game window.

## Travel

Transporting materials takes time and donkeys. Every transfer of materials between locations relies exclusively on these
speedy and dependable creatures. Donkeys are single-use, consumed upon completing their journey, making continuous
acquisition vital for maintaining supply chains.

Troops can also be moved between Realms using donkeys, but to dominate your enemies and ensure security of your lands,
troops must be deployed to an army on the world map. Once troops are deployed, they cannot be taken back into the
inventory. Their mobility is then governed by stamina, limiting the distance they can travel and the number of actions
they can perform. Traveling between hexes or initiating an attack expends valuable stamina points, which are partially
replensished each Eternum Day.

## Hexes

Blitz unfolds across a procedurally-generated, hexagonal-tile world map. This represents the physical space of the world
and defines spawn locations, biome distribution, and distances between Realms and other World Structures. This is the
layer in which armies explore, fight, and capture, and is explorable in the 'World' view.

Zooming in, each Realm hex is broken up into smaller hexes which define the local area and building placement. Here in
the 'Local' view, Lords can plan out their building placement and closely manage their population, supply chain, and
production.

## Biomes

Each hexagonal tile on the world map possesses a distinct biome. Each troop type responds uniquely to these varied
terrains, gaining or losing combat efficiency and stamina based on their affinity with different biomes. Successful
Lords must master biome knowledge to exploit strategic advantages or avoid costly missteps.

<Biomes />

## The Blitz Arena

The map on which Blitz takes place is designed to position Lords as equally as possible while also providing a dynamic
battlefield that scales appropriately. Each player starts the game with three Realms, evenly spaced apart in a triangle
and positioned between three complete and revealed Hyperstructures. Player Realms and Hyperstructures are placed in a
specific pattern to ensure that all Lords have a comparable number of neighbors and equal access to Hyperstructures.
More detail on the Realm and Hyperstructure placement systems are available in the [Realms](/blitz/realms/realm) and
[World Map](/blitz/worldmap-movement/worldmap) sections.

The primary objective of Blitz is to capture and hold as many Hyperstructures and World Structures as possible to
accumulate Victory Points and secure a position at the top of the leaderboard.

<img
  src="/images/covers/blitz-arena.png"
  alt="The Blitz Arena - Competitive battleground"
  className="w-full rounded-lg my-6"
/>
