client/apps/game-docs/docs/pages/eternum/military/stamina-and-biomes.mdx, before:

import { BiomeCombat } from "@/components/BiomeCombat";

# ⚡ Stamina & Biome Effects

## Stamina

Stamina is a vital resource governing the mobility and effectiveness of armies. Each deployed army possesses a maximum
stamina value determined by its troop type and tier as explained above. Field armies expend stamina when moving,
exploring unknown hexes, or engaging in combat against other armies and structures. Guard armies only expend stamina
when attacking armies in hexes adjacent to their structure. During combat, stamina impacts army combat effectiveness:

### Attacking Army (the army initiating combat)

Attacks require a minimum of **30 stamina**, so armies with less than 30 stamina cannot initiate an attack. Each
additional stamina point above this threshold grants a **1%** damage bonus, up to a maximum of **+30%** damage at **60
stamina**. Additional stamina spend is not optional, so attacking armies will use all available stamina up to a maximum
of **60** for any one attack. If the attacking army destroys the defending army, they gain **+30 stamina**.

### Defending Army (the army being attacked)

Defending armies rely on having stamina available to maintain full combat effectiveness. When attacked, defending armies
incur a **1%** damage reduction for every stamina point below **30**. For example, if an army is attacked while they
have **10 stamina**, they would deal **-20%** damage to the attacking army. The maximum penalty is **-30%** damage if
stamina is completely depleted. Successfully defending an attack does not deplete stamina. Lords should manage their
armies' stamina carefully, ensuring they retain enough reserves to remain effective against unexpected attacks.

## Biomes (Combat Effects)

The combat effectiveness of different troop types is impacted by the biome on which the defending army is located when
engaging in battle. Armies can gain either a combat advantage (**+30%** damage), disadvantage (**-30%** damage), or no
effect, depending on their affinity with a particular biome. To summarise these combat modifiers for each troop type:

⚔️️ ️️️**Knights** excel in forests, leveraging cover and mobility, but suffer reduced effectiveness in deserts,
beaches, and snow-covered regions where their heavy armour and weapons can make it difficult to move on the soft ground
cover. Knights are equally advantaged, disadvantaged or not affected across all biome types.

🏹 **Crossbowmen** benefit from open seas and unstable terrains (such as beaches and snow), where they can remain static
and make the most of their ranged capabilities. However, they will be disadvantaged in flat, open terrain with no cover
or opportunity for concealment. Crossbowmen are the least advantaged, but also the least disadvantaged by biome
modifiers of the three troop types.

🐴 ️**Paladins** dominate open, flat terrain where mounted units thrive, but are hindered in dense forests and on open
water where their mounted capabilities are negated. They are the most advantaged, but also the most disadvantaged troop
type. In combination with the biome effects on stamina use, Paladins are less versatile than other Knights or
Crossbowmen, but are devastatingly effective in the right situations.

**Note: The scorched biome applies +30% damage to all troop types, representing the additional casualties sustained from
battling in an inhospitable environment.**

<BiomeCombat />

Commit message:

refactor: update damage calculation and stamina mechanics in line with combat v1.1; remove storage table component; add loot chest and cosmetic item information; fix cosmetic item table; remove storage from Blitz; complete grammar and spell check.

client/apps/game-docs/docs/pages/eternum/military/stamina-and-biomes.mdx, after:

import { BiomeCombat } from "@/components/BiomeCombat";

# ⚡ Stamina & Biome Effects

## Stamina

Stamina is a vital resource governing the mobility and effectiveness of armies. Each deployed army possesses a maximum
stamina value determined by its troop type and tier as explained above. Field armies expend stamina when moving,
exploring unknown hexes, or engaging in combat against other armies and structures. Guard armies only expend stamina
when attacking armies in hexes adjacent to their structure.

## Daily Phases and Stamina

Every Eternum Day is divided into six equal phases: early hours, dawn, morning, afternoon, dusk, and late evening. 
Stamina is granted instantly when a new Phase begins, and no other automatic stamina regeneration occurs.

**Eternum Stamina System:**
- **Day Length**: 60 minutes (10 minutes per phase)
- **Stamina Regeneration per Phase**: 2 stamina
- **Total Stamina Regeneration per Day**: 12 stamina

## Combat Stamina Mechanics

### Attacking Army

The attacking army is the army initiating an instance of combat. To begin a combat round, the attacker must spend
**5 stamina** (2.5 × stamina regen per phase). If the attacker does not have the full stamina cost, the attack 
command is rejected and no combat occurs.

### Defending Army

The defending army is the army being attacked in an instance of combat. The defender simultaneously spends **4 stamina**
(2 × stamina regen per phase). If the defender's current stamina is below this required threshold, they receive a 
**30% damage penalty** during that combat round.

## Biomes (Combat Effects)

The combat effectiveness of different troop types is impacted by the biome on which the defending army is located when
engaging in battle. Armies can gain either a combat advantage (**+30%** damage), disadvantage (**-30%** damage), or no
effect, depending on their affinity with a particular biome. To summarise these combat modifiers for each troop type:

⚔️️ ️️️**Knights** excel in forests, leveraging cover and mobility, but suffer reduced effectiveness in deserts,
beaches, and snow-covered regions where their heavy armour and weapons can make it difficult to move on the soft ground
cover. Knights are equally advantaged, disadvantaged or not affected across all biome types.

🏹 **Crossbowmen** benefit from open seas and unstable terrains (such as beaches and snow), where they can remain static
and make the most of their ranged capabilities. However, they will be disadvantaged in flat, open terrain with no cover
or opportunity for concealment. Crossbowmen are the least advantaged, but also the least disadvantaged by biome
modifiers of the three troop types.

🐴 ️**Paladins** dominate open, flat terrain where mounted units thrive, but are hindered in dense forests and on open
water where their mounted capabilities are negated. They are the most advantaged, but also the most disadvantaged troop
type. In combination with the biome effects on stamina use, Paladins are less versatile than other Knights or
Crossbowmen, but are devastatingly effective in the right situations.

**Note: The scorched biome applies +30% damage to all troop types, representing the additional casualties sustained from
battling in an inhospitable environment.**

<BiomeCombat />
