client/apps/game-docs/docs/pages/overview/disclaimer.mdx, before:

import { formatNumberWithSpaces } from "@/utils/formatting";
import { ETERNUM_CONFIG } from "@/utils/config";
import { Callout } from "vocs/components";
import { HYPERSTRUCTURE_POINT_MULTIPLIER } from "@/components/HyperstructureTable";

# Disclaimer and Risk Acknowledgment

<Callout type="danger">
  Important Disclaimer – Please Read Carefully <br />
  By participating in Eternum, you fully acknowledge and accept the following terms and conditions.
</Callout>

## Immutable Contracts

Eternum is governed entirely by **immutable** smart contracts. Once deployed, the game’s rules and mechanics **cannot be
altered, updated, or reversed** by the developers, the DAO, or any other party. These smart contracts have **not** been
audited. Players should fully understand the implications of interacting with the system and assess the risks involved.

## Risk of Loss

All transactions and gameplay actions in Eternum are **final**. There are no mechanisms for refunds, reversals, or
compensation. You acknowledge the **risk of loss of funds** and accept that you bear sole responsibility for any
financial impact incurred.

A season of Eternum concludes when a single player achieves the required
**{formatNumberWithSpaces(Number(ETERNUM_CONFIG().hyperstructures.hyperstructurePointsForWin)/HYPERSTRUCTURE_POINT_MULTIPLIER)}**
Victory Points and clicks the "End Season" button. At this point:

### ⚠️ SEASON END CRITICAL INFORMATION

When the season ends, **ALL in-game actions are DISABLED** except:

- transfer materials
- deposit resource arrivals
- retrieve LP positions
- cancel market orders
- bridge materials out of the game

1. **7-Days Withdrawal Window (starts immediately when "End Season" is clicked)**

   - Starting from the exact moment the season ends, you have **7 days** to bridge out **ALL $LORDS** tokens and
     bridgeable materials from your Realms' balance

2. **After 7 Days**

   - Any remaining **$LORDS** tokens and **Materials** will be **permanently locked**
   - These assets **CANNOT** be recovered under any circumstances

3. **Score Registration**
   - Players have **4 days** to register their scores
   - Registration is **MANDATORY** to be eligible for prizes
   - While registration has a deadline, prize claiming does not

Please refer to the documentation for detailed instructions on the bridging process during active gameplay.

## No Recourse

By participating in Eternum, you waive all rights to claims or recourse against the developers, the DAO, or any other
associated entities for any losses or disputes arising from your participation in the game.

## Acknowledgment of Terms

Participation in Eternum constitutes your agreement to these terms, as well as all other terms and conditions outlined
in the game’s documentation.

Commit message:

docs content update (#3482)
* New attempt from recent branch. Remove outdated documentation and components; update game references and improve clarity

- Updated vocs.config.ts to reflect new documentation structure and added outDir for build output.
- Revised various documentation pages to enhance clarity, including updates to game mechanics, materials, and military systems.
- Marked sections as WIP for further review.
- Fixed formatting issues and ensured consistent terminology across the documentation.

This commit streamlines the documentation for Eternum and Blitz, ensuring accuracy and clarity for users.

* Readdition of README.md

* Fix dead links

Corrected links from /mechanics/ to /eternum/ in multiple documentation files for consistency.

* Blitz Revision incl. Art & Tables

- Introduced new components for Blitz mode, hardcoded tables to convey information while waiting on config.
- Updated existing documentation to reflect the new Blitz mode features, including adjustments to resource production, troop movement, and military mechanics.
- Marked sections as work in progress (WIP) for further review and refinement.
- Enhanced clarity and consistency across various documentation pages related to Blitz mode, ensuring accurate representation of game mechanics and resources.

* Fixed inline export issues

* fix build issues

* fix build

* prettier

* fix table issues and add essence icon

* prettier

* fix build, remove comments

---------

Co-authored-by: aymericdelab <aymericdelabrousse@gmail.com>

client/apps/game-docs/docs/pages/overview/disclaimer.mdx, after:

import { formatNumberWithSpaces } from "@/utils/formatting";
import { ETERNUM_CONFIG } from "@/utils/config";
import { Callout } from "vocs/components";
import { HYPERSTRUCTURE_POINT_MULTIPLIER } from "@/components/HyperstructureTable";

# Disclaimer and Risk Acknowledgment

<Callout type="danger">
  Important Disclaimer – Please Read Carefully <br />
  By participating in Realms games, you fully acknowledge and accept the following terms and conditions.
</Callout>

## Immutable Contracts

Each game is governed entirely by **immutable** smart contracts. Once deployed, the game's rules and mechanics **cannot
be altered, updated, or reversed** by the developers, the DAO, or any other party. These smart contracts have **not**
been audited. Players should fully understand the implications of interacting with the system and assess the risks
involved.

## Risk of Loss

All transactions and gameplay actions in these games are **final**. There are no mechanisms for refunds, reversals, or
compensation. You acknowledge the **risk of loss of funds** and accept that you bear sole responsibility for any
financial impact incurred.

## Eternum

A season of Eternum concludes when a single player achieves the required
**{formatNumberWithSpaces(Number(ETERNUM_CONFIG().hyperstructures.hyperstructurePointsForWin)/HYPERSTRUCTURE_POINT_MULTIPLIER)}**
Victory Points and clicks the "End Season" button. At this point:

### ⚠️ SEASON END CRITICAL INFORMATION

When the season ends, **ALL in-game actions are DISABLED** except:

- transfer materials
- deposit resource arrivals
- retrieve LP positions
- cancel market orders
- bridge materials out of the game

1. **7-Days Withdrawal Window (starts immediately when "End Season" is clicked)**

   - Starting from the exact moment the season ends, you have **7 days** to bridge out **ALL $LORDS** tokens and
     bridgeable materials from your Realms' balance

2. **After 7 Days**

   - Any remaining **$LORDS** tokens and **Materials** will be **permanently locked**
   - These assets **CANNOT** be recovered under any circumstances

3. **Score Registration**
   - Players have **4 days** to register their scores
   - Registration is **MANDATORY** to be eligible for prizes
   - While registration has a deadline, prize claiming does not

Please refer to the documentation for detailed instructions on the bridging process during active gameplay.

## Blitz

Blitz game instances operate on a fixed schedule with immediate prize distribution upon completion. Unlike Eternum
seasons, Blitz games do not have extended withdrawal windows or bridging requirements, as all gameplay concludes within
the session timeframe.

## No Recourse

By participating in these games, you waive all rights to claims or recourse against the developers, the DAO, or any
other associated entities for any losses or disputes arising from your participation in the game.

## Acknowledgment of Terms

Participation in Realms games constitutes your agreement to these terms, as well as all other terms and conditions
outlined in the game's documentation.
