client/apps/game-docs/docs/pages/overview/chests/contents.mdx, before:

---
title: Chest Contents
description: Understanding the contents of Loot Chests
---

import EternumRewardsChestTable from "@/components/EternumRewardsChestTable";

# 📜 Chest Contents

Each Loot Chest contains three items. For each of the three item slots, an independent roll is performed against the
item list for that Loot Chest type. Every item on the list has a defined draw chance. Because each roll is independent,
Lords may receive multiple copies of the same item in a single Loot Chest.

As seasons pass and new epochs of Loot Chest emerge, new chests of the same type (but bearing the mark of a new epoch)
may be discovered. Loot Chest item lists are defined by both the Loot Chest type and the epoch from which they
originated. So the items that can potentially be drawn from an Eternum Rewards Chest from epoch 2 are different to those
drawn from an epoch 1 version of that chest.

## Loot Chest Item Lists

The following item lists contain information on the items that can potentially be drawn from the various types of Loot
Chest in the Realms ecosystem. Each item is defined by:

- **Item Name**
- **Epoch Item Number** - the ID of unique items within an Epoch, the numbering starts again from 1 for each new epoch
  (consider each epoch of items as a separate collection).
- **Description** - a basic description, including the the item set it is part of (if any).
- **Rarity** - the relative rarity of the item, according to the designed item supply.
- **Type** - the type of item (i.e. the 'slot' that the cosmetic occupies when outfitting a Realm).
- **Troop Type** - whether the cosmetic item is relevant to a particular type of troop (Knight, Crossbowman, or
  Paladin).
- **Draw Chance** - the percentage chance of rolling this item on any of the three possible draws per Loot Chest.

### Eternum Rewards Chest

<div style={{ textAlign: "center" }}>
  <img
    src="/images/loot-chests/eternum-chest.png"
    alt="Eternum Rewards Chest"
    style={{ width: "16.67%", height: "auto" }}
  />
</div>

The Eternum Rewards Chest can contain three items from the following list:

<EternumRewardsChestTable />

### Blitz Rewards Chest

_Work in progress..._

### Elite Blitz Rewards Chest

_Work in progress..._

### Relic Chest

_Work in progress..._

Commit message:

Docs Update (#3587)
* refactor: update damage calculation and stamina mechanics in line with combat v1.1; remove storage table component; add loot chest and cosmetic item information; fix cosmetic item table; remove storage from Blitz; complete grammar and spell check.

* docs: enhance game documentation with new changelog section, update Blitz bracket descriptions, and improve prize pool mechanics; remove outdated key concepts page.

* prettier

* Remove useVideoPreloader hook to streamline video loading process

* fix docs routes

---------

Co-authored-by: aymericdelab <aymericdelabrousse@gmail.com>

client/apps/game-docs/docs/pages/overview/chests/contents.mdx, after:

---
title: Chest Contents
description: Understanding the contents of Loot Chests
---

import EternumRewardsChestTable from "@/components/EternumRewardsChestTable";

# 📜 Chest Contents

Each Loot Chest contains three items. For each of the three item slots, an independent roll is performed against the
item list for that Loot Chest type. Every item on the list has a defined draw chance. Because each roll is independent,
Lords may receive multiple copies of the same item in a single Loot Chest.

As seasons pass and new epochs of Loot Chest emerge, new chests of the same type (but bearing the mark of a new epoch)
may be discovered. Loot Chest item lists are defined by both the Loot Chest type and the epoch from which they
originated. So the items that can potentially be drawn from an Eternum Rewards Chest from epoch 2 are different to those
drawn from an epoch 1 version of that chest.

While most types of Loot Chests contain cosmetic items, Relic Chests contain consumable items that can be used in Blitz
and Eternum to provide minor boosts, giving Lords slight advantages over their opponents when used strategically.

_Note: While relics can currently be found in [Relic Crates](/blitz/worldmap-movement/worldmap#relic-crates) in Blitz,
onchain Relic Chests are still in development. These sections will be updated with more information as it becomes
available._

## Loot Chest Item Lists

The following item lists contain information on the cosmetic items that can potentially be drawn from the various types
of Loot Chest in the Realms ecosystem. Each cosmetic item is defined by:

- **Item Name**
- **Epoch Item Number** - the ID of unique items within an Epoch, the numbering starts again from 1 for each new epoch
  (consider each epoch of items as a separate collection).
- **Description** - a basic description, including the item set it is part of (if any).
- **Rarity** - the relative rarity of the item, according to the designed item supply.
- **Type** - the type of item (i.e. the 'slot' that the cosmetic occupies when outfitting a Realm).
- **Troop Type** - whether the cosmetic item is relevant to a particular type of troop (Knight, Crossbowman, or
  Paladin).
- **Draw Chance** - the percentage chance of rolling this item on any of the three possible draws per Loot Chest.

### Eternum Rewards Chest

The Eternum Rewards Chest can contain three items from the following list:

<EternumRewardsChestTable />

### Blitz Rewards Chest

_Work in progress..._

### Elite Blitz Rewards Chest

_Work in progress..._

## Relic Chests

_Work in progress..._
