client/apps/game-docs/docs/pages/overview/chests/cosmetics.mdx, before:

---
title: Cosmetic Items
description: Understanding cosmetic items in Loot Chests
---

# 🎨 Cosmetic Items

## Equipping Cosmetic Items

The ability to equip cosmetic items in Blitz and Eternum is still in development. However, owners (and aspiring owners)
of cosmetic items should note the following design intentions, as they are relevant to understanding cosmetic NFT
collection design and secondary-market valuation.

- **14 slots** - Each Realm has 14 available 'slots' that cosmetic items can be equipped to. These include:
  - 1 x Realm Title
  - 1 x Realm Aura
  - 1 x Realm Skin
  - 1 x Troop Aura
  - 3 x Troop Primary (One for each troop type)
  - 3 x Troop Secondary (One for each troop type)
  - 3 x Troop Armor (One for each troop type)
  - 1 x Troop Base

- **Items with multiple models** - Equipped Realm Skins and Troop Armors can display evolving models in-game:
  - Realm Skins - one for each Realm level (Settlement, City, Kingdom, Empire)
  - Troop Armor - one for each troop tier (T1, T2, T3)

- **Troop skins on all armies** - Troop cosmetics equipped to a Realm will apply to all armies deployed from that Realm
  (items with a troop type only apply to that troop type)

- **One item per slot** - A cosmetic NFT can only be equipped to a slot on a single Realm. If Lords wish to have
  multiple Realms with the same cosmetic item, they will require multiple copies of that NFT

- **No stakes** - While a Realm with cosmetics equipped may be captured by other players in-game, the cosmetic NFT will
  remain the property of the original owner

Commit message:

Update game documentation: update resource and labor building/production modes, adjust building costs and exploration mechanics. Remove outdated entries and improve clarity in various sections, including achievements, materials, and victory points. Update links and descriptions for better user experience.

client/apps/game-docs/docs/pages/overview/chests/cosmetics.mdx, after:

---
title: Cosmetic Items
description: Understanding cosmetic items in Loot Chests
---

# 🎨 Cosmetic Items

## Equipping Cosmetic Items

The ability to equip cosmetic items in Blitz and Eternum is still in development. However, owners (and aspiring owners)
of cosmetic items should note the following design intentions, as they are relevant to understanding cosmetic NFT
collection design and secondary-market valuation.

- **14 slots** - Each Realm has 14 available 'slots' that cosmetic items can be equipped to. These include:
  - 1 x Realm Title
  - 1 x Realm Aura
  - 1 x Realm Skin
  - 1 x Troop Aura
  - 3 x Troop Primary (One for each troop type)
  - 3 x Troop Secondary (One for each troop type)
  - 3 x Troop Armor (One for each troop type)
  - 1 x Troop Base

- **Items with multiple models** - Equipped Realm Skins and Troop Armors can display evolving models in-game:
  - Realm Skins - one for each Realm level (Settlement, City, Kingdom, Empire)
  - Troop Armor - one for each troop tier (T1, T2, T3)

- **Troop skins on all armies** - Troop cosmetics equipped to a Realm will apply to all armies deployed from that Realm
  (items with a troop type only apply to that troop type)

- **One item per slot** - A cosmetic NFT can only be equipped to a slot on a single Realm. If Lords wish to have
  multiple Realms with the same cosmetic item, they will require multiple copies of that NFT. _Note: Initial versions of
  Blitz will only have 14 slots available that apply to all 3 starting Realms of a player. Cosmetics will apply to single 
  Realms in both Blitz and Eternum game modes from Eternum Season 2 onwards._

- **No stakes** - While a Realm with cosmetics equipped may be captured by other players in-game, the cosmetic NFT will
  remain the property of the original owner
